Esther had a simple life
When she was just a girl.
Raised by her cousin Mordecai,
She learned Jehovah’s will.
Her life then changed so fast.
She was chosen to be queen.
Esther obeyed;
she showed courage.
So this teaches me:
I want to be like Esther.
She had courage; she was brave.
She took a stand for Jehovah.
I want to do the same.
I want to be like Esther
‘Cause she listened and obeyed.
I want to be like her
‘Cause Esther—she was brave.
Esther’s husband was the king,
And he did not serve God.
Still, she showed respect for him;
For that she was cherished.
And one day she was asked
To stop a very evil scheme.
Esther obeyed;
she showed courage.
So this teaches me:
I want to be like Esther.
She had courage; she was brave.
She took a stand for Jehovah.
I want to do the same.
I want to be like Esther
‘Cause she listened and obeyed.
I want to be like her
‘Cause Esther—she was brave.